Application Privacy Statement 

This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the associated application (“FBCLI”). The Application is provided by Aman Agarwal, Calvin Chan, Daniel Duan, and James Wu (and may be provided by third parties on behalf of a licensor or partner (“Application Partner”). using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement. 

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 

We collect the following types of information from our users: 

Personal Information You Provide to Us:
We do not store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise authorize us to obtain – such as, from (for example) your Facebook account). We may use personal information collected such as your IP address, browser information, demographic information, and any other information necessary for analytics purposes only. 

Personal Information Collected Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. For example, we may automatically receive and record information regarding your computer’s IP address, browser information, Facebook user ID, Facebook Page fan status, and URLs accessed.

HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS? 

We uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i) internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) as set forth in the section below. 

APPLICATION PARTNER TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. 

WILL WE SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES? 

Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information. We share your personal information only as described below. 

Application Partners: We will share your personal information with an applicable Application Partner (see the “Application Partner Treatment” section above). 

Protection of us and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. 

CONDITIONS OF USE. 

If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law. 

THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES. 

The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under our control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites. 

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS? 

We allow you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list may change in the event the Application changes. 

- Account and user profile information
- User e-mail address, if applicable
- Facebook profile information, if applicable
- User preferences
- Application specific data 

CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION? 

Our site and the services available through us are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience. 

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. 

We may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted. 

QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS. 

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at danielduan88@yahoo.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. 

Effective Date: April 15, 2013

